updated chaincode4ade.rst("Writing your first chaincode") showing good practise on how to achieve determinism in json (#2900)
hyperledger/fabric: docs/source/chaincode4ade.rst

Next, let's add a struct ``Asset`` to represent simple assets on the ledger.
Note the JSON annotations, which will be used to marshal the asset to JSON which is stored on the ledger.
JSON though is not a deterministic data format - the order of elements can change, whilst still representing the same data semantically.
The challenge, therefore, is to be able to generate a consistent set of JSON.

> Below is also shown a good approach to achieve consistency whuich consists of creating an asset object struct following alphabetic order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is also shown a good approach to achieve consistency which consists of creating an asset object struct following alphabetic order.
```

> The latter consists of creating the asset object struct following alphabetic order

Reviewer: The last two sentences are a little confusing... you mention "below" and "latter". Are you referencing a single example or two different examples? If a single example, then maybe combine the two sentences into one.

and ``peer chaincode install`` operations will then include code associated with the
dependencies into the chaincode package.

Json determinism problem
------------------------

> Being able to predictable handle data formats is critical, and also the ability to search the data held within the blockchain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Being able to predictably handle data formats is critical, and also the ability to search the data held within the blockchain
```

Technical Problem
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The format of the data that is stored in Fabric is at the discretion of the user. 
The lowest level API accepts a byte array and stores that - what this represents is not a concern to Fabric.
The important thing is when simulating transactions, given the same inputs chaincode gives the same byte array.

> Otherwise, the transaction will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise, the endorsements may not all match and the transaction will either not be submitted or will be invalidated.
```

> However, with the requirement to have search directly on the blockchain,
> this requires the use of CouchDB to get a richer set of search capabilities directly from the fabric APIs.
> In order to provide indexing, CouchDB requires the data to be in JSON format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JSON is often used as the data format to store data on the ledger, and is required if using CouchDB queries.
```
Can keep it simpler here...

JSON though is not a deterministic data format - the order of elements can change,
whilst still representing the same data semantically. The challenge, therefore, is to be able to generate a consistent set of JSON.

A solution
^^^^^^^^^^

Generate a consistent set of ``JSON`` across multiple languages.
Each language have different features and libraries that you can use to convert an object to JSON.
The best approach to achieve determinism across different languages is to chose a canonical way as a common guideline to format JSON.

> In fabric, in order to to get a consisted hash across languages, we recommend formatting JSON in alphabetic order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Fabric, in order to to get a consisted hash across languages, we recommend formatting JSON in alphabetic order.
```

Serialise JSON alphabetically accross different languages

> GO - In Golang we utilise ``encoding/json`` package to serialise a Struct Object into JSON.

Reviewer: I'd drop the word "we" throughout.

More specifically we use the ``Marshal`` function, which marshals maps in sorted key order and structs in the order that the fields are declared.

> Since structs are marshaled in field declaration order you need to follow alphabetic order when defining a new structure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since structs are marshaled in field declaration order, follow alphabetic order when defining a new structure.
```

`Here <https://www.npmjs.com/package/json-stringify-deterministic>`_ for a more in-depth tutorial.

Java - Java provides several libraries to serialize an object into a JSON string. However not all of them provide consistency and ordering.
The ``Gson`` library, for example, does not provide any consistency and should therefore be avoided for this application. On the other hand,
the ``Genson`` library is a good fit for our purpose as it produces consistent JSON in alphabetic oreder.

You can find a good exemplification of this practise on the `asset-transfer-basic <https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-samples/asset-transfer-basic>`_ chaincodes.
.. Note:: This is only one of the many approach which we think can be most effective.
          When serialising you can utilise various methods to achieve consistency; nevertheless,
          considering the different characteristics of the programming languages used in Fabric,
          the alphabetic approach represents an easy and efficient solution to the problem.
          In conclusion, fell free to employ a different method if it best suites your needs.

>           P.S. Don’t forget to let us know in the comments if you used a different approach.

Reviewer: I think the last P.S. sentence can be removed.

and ``peer chaincode install`` operations will then include code associated with the
dependencies into the chaincode package.

> Json determinism

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/JSON determinism
```

----------------

> Being able to predictably handle data formats is critical, and also the ability to search the data held within the blockchain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Being able to predictably handle data formats is critical, and also the ability to search the data held within the blockchain.
```

Technical Problem
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
The format of the data that is stored in Fabric is at the discretion of the user. 
The lowest level API accepts a byte array and stores that - what this represents is not a concern to Fabric.
The important thing is when simulating transactions, given the same inputs chaincode gives the same byte array.
Otherwise, the endorsements may not all match and the transaction will either not be submitted or will be invalidated.

JSON is often used as the data format to store data on the ledger, and is required if using CouchDB queries.

JSON though is not a deterministic data format - the order of elements can change,
whilst still representing the same data semantically. The challenge, therefore, is to be able to generate a consistent set of JSON.

A solution
^^^^^^^^^^
Generate a consistent set of ``JSON`` across multiple languages.
Each language have different features and libraries that you can use to convert an object to JSON.
The best approach to achieve determinism across different languages is to choose a canonical way as a common guideline to format JSON.

> In Fabric, in order to to get a consisted hash across languages, is recommended formatting JSON in alphabetic order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to get a consistent hash across languages you can format JSON in alphabetic order.
```

Golang
^^^^^^

> In Golang we utilise ``encoding/json`` package to serialise a Struct Object into JSON.

Reviewer: I'd drop "we" throughout.

More specifically we use the ``Marshal`` function, which marshals maps in sorted key order and structs in the order that the fields are declared.
Since structs are marshaled in field declaration order, follow alphabetic order when defining a new structure.

Node.js
^^^^^^^

> In Javascript, when serialising object into Json, we commonly use the function ``JSON.stringify()``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Javascript, when serialising object into JSON, we commonly use the function ``JSON.stringify()``.
```

> However, to achieve consistent results, a deterministic version of JSON.stringify() is needed; in this way is possible to get a consistent hash from stringified results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, to achieve consistent results, a deterministic version of JSON.stringify() is needed; in this way it is possible to get a consistent hash from stringified results.
```

``json-stringify-deterministic`` is a good library to do so and we can use it combined with ``sort-keys-recursive`` to attain alphabetic order too. 
`Here <https://www.npmjs.com/package/json-stringify-deterministic>`_ for a more in-depth tutorial.

Java
^^^^
Java provides several libraries to serialize an object into a JSON string. However not all of them provide consistency and ordering.
The ``Gson`` library, for example, does not provide any consistency and should therefore be avoided for this application. On the other hand,
the ``Genson`` library is a good fit for our purpose as it produces consistent JSON in alphabetic oreder.

> You can find a good exemplification of this practise on the `asset-transfer-basic <https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-samples/asset-transfer-basic>`_ chaincodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find a good exemplification of this practise on the `asset-transfer-basic <https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-samples/tree/main/asset-transfer-basic>`_ chaincodes.
```

> You can find a good exemplification of this practise on the You can find a good exemplification of this practise on the `asset-transfer-basic <https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-samples/tree/main/asset-transfer-basic>`_ chaincodes.

Reviewer: oops

.. Note:: 

>         This is only one of the many approach which we think can be most effective.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        This is only one of the many approaches which we think can be effective.
```
